Boats and Hoes
February 19 2020

You all woke up on a trading ship

Started a bidding war with the captain for voyage on his ship and tried to kill him but at the same time the ship is attacked by Orcish pirates

You all team up to fight the pirates and Os Vrntica woke up Freedom and freedom came up and finished off the pirates on the boat

As the ship crew fights off the pirate ship Krorg fights Freedom with bomb the bear and with a Cannon he hit freedom and punched a hole through the ship.

Drakham and Os tried to stop the fighting but failed

After some fighting a Dragon Turtle shows up and attacks the trading ship and the pirate ships

Freedom then jumped on to the dragon turtle and Krorg followed and they drove the dragon turtle into the pirate fleet wrecking them

The rest of the gang now heads off to Alford with the Captain and his ship

Comments

All of pirates are dead and the fighting is over. After witnessing (and accidentally causing) Freedom's genocidal behavior in Kaltrosar Bay, fearing Freedom would attract the attention of vengeful armies, and being a general Luddite, Krorg decides to use the opportunity to eliminate Freedom. Os and Drakham both try to stop the fighting, but Krorg is set in his belief that Freedom is a dangerous weapon that the Low Bar Brawlers have only begun to abuse. Os issues an order to Freedom not to kill anyone in the party and to destroy the remaining pirate ships. Seconds later, Krorg starts blasting.

The first shot knocks Freedom deep into the ship, before Drakham casts reduce on the size of the cannon. Hearing Freedom moving below, Krorg and Bomb decide to gain the high ground in the fight by climbing the ship's mast. Drakham successfully charms Krorg to climb back down to the deck. Krorg agrees to surrender, but his sudden change in nature causes him to be bitten by Bomb, ending the spell. Off the side of the ship, Freedom appears while riding a large dragon turtle, about to head off to destroy the remaining pirate ships. Krorg thanks Bomb for saving him, and decides to leave Bomb behind to the safety of the Low Bar Brawlers. Then Krorg runs and dives off of the mast into the water, catching the dragon turtle's tail before being dragged off into the horizon...