Shitty Pirate Revelations
March 11 2020

We pick back up in the Sewers where Krorg has just reunited with the party, and has a pirate crew accompanying him. This pirate crew came together after the pirate boarding at sea gone wrong as Krorg ended up marooned on shore with Nathar and looking to kill Freedom. They met with the Pirate King and added Dave Bones, Darfallen, and Xialethia to the Freedom kill team. The followed Freedom and found his clues pointing to Illiard Tower in Allford. They burst into the city sewers to enter the tower at its weakest point to avoid the defenses Freedom would put up, little did they know the defenses they were avoiding didn't exist and they were heading for a trap. Luckily they ran into the rest of the party who happened to be in the same sewer system. after reuniting Krorg had his new crew dispel the firewall the group moves forward and searches the next room only to find gibbets filled with corpses.

Spoops checks out the near by bedroom while Bazzert goes back to search some unexplored rooms and finds more cob webs and spider egg clutches, but leaves as he hears ominous scuttling noises. Soon after the pickpocket that was confonted in the sewers was torn to shreds by some unknown creature and the group left him to his fate.

After some searching Spoops and Bazzert find a book and unlock the ability to unlock and lock a certain door. Krorg blocks the path behind the party while Spoops opens up to see a woman surrounded by Four Skeletal Ogres she unleashes the Ogres and a Storm of fireballs at the party but with luck and perseverance the party weathers the storm and defeats the evil necrotic wizard.

This was only the prelude as soon things will go off the rails. The party navigates some very dangerous fireball traps and another pool of ****, only to find themselves at the bottom of deep 35ft pit and with some random trash being dropped on them.

After confronting the trash dropper and finding it to be Lucidel Illiard (Remember him kids he'll be important) Owner of Illiard Tower and and a Merchant lord of Allford. After helping our party out of the hole he introduces himself and tells our would be heroes that Freedom is in the other room. Freedom arrives after being called seeming to be beat up and a bit waterlogged. Either way though he is confronted by Dave Bones and the other pirates plus Krorg, Dave pulls out an ancient magic jar, The Hendrica Capsule, and sucks the soul out of Freedom everyone looked on as Red ominous demonic tendrils lash from the robotic frame to the insides of the jar and be sealed by Dave Bones. Freedom's body goes Limp and falls to the floor.

With their business done the pirates start to leave but Nathar confronts the rest and says that he is there to kill freedom for destroying his ships at sea, Dave Bones replies with "If ya here for death then I'll give it to ya!" and Shanks Nathar in the neck and Nathar falls bleeding and Dying instantly.

After such an unexpected and grizzly scene Bazzert asks Illiard if he can read him a book and Spoops asks for help trying to get a giant spider to hatch from a spider egg so it can be his pet.

Utter Psychotic levels of emotional awareness being showed only forced Illiard to notice the Glow from Spoops pants (No this is not getting sexual). Illiard asks Spoops if he has any magic items in his pocket Spoops reveals the demonic stone that he got from his Demon Boytoy from the Fort Suro Bar. Illiard then reveals the stones true nature a soul prison, and he releases the soul within it which flows back into Freedoms body and from this rises Freedom. Illiard explains that when the Demon was covered in Booze bleeding and dying that when Spoops killed him he actually had helped finish a demon ritual that trapped Freedom's soul in the stone Spoops has been holding all this time and putting the Demon into Freedom's body. Now with Freedom restored, the truth revealed, and the Party having met Illiard, he asks them if they've been to Fort Suro. They respond yes, and Illiard says that he has a job for them.

What will the pirates do with a Demon Soul?

Is Freedom fully restored?

What is the job Illiard offered?

Will Bazzert ever read his book?

Will Krorg avenge Nathar?

Who is Darmuth and why does Drakham know his name?

ALL OF THIS NEXT TIME IN LOW BAR BRAWLERS

[Image of Season 1 Poster]