Leaving Allford
March 18 2020

So we return to our heroes after the Freedom soul switcher conundrum, and Krorg interrogates Os Vrntica about him being demonic/demon sympathizer. He does this by hiding his lute them holding him over a pit.

In the morning everyone awakes to find Illiard by some test tubes with bone spider carcasses on display and he gives the party a job to investigate and deal with a cult in the ghostwood forest near Demsford a small village. The party is told that they have a lot of authority in deciding how to deal with the cult as if they have an old necrotic war plague the cult could destroy Allford. That is all the info that Illiard knows about the cult situation and sets our heroes out to solve it.

Our heroes head out and search for Dave Bones and his team to see if they can stop them and avenge Nathar/get the demon soul. Our heroes fail as Krorg remembers where their escape boat would be docked but it was gone. However in their time searching Kiwi found a useful informant called Willey most likely a fence but to keep it simple: he knows a guy. After paying Willey the party learn more about the cult and they may be powerful sorcerers or brainwashed simpletons worshiping a WMD.

Then everyone goes shopping and the team gets a carriage drawn by two horses, this turns the party's travel time from a week down to 5 days. With one day left the party makes camp when entering the forest as nighttime travel through the ghostwood forest is dangerous and unadvised.

Everyone goes to sleep but Drakham loses control of his powers and he strikes himself and the horses with lighting bolt nearly killing himself and instantly killing the horses. Then Frederina is contacted by a large golden lobster that tells her to "join us" she ignores it and Krorg goes after it trying to catch it and eat it. Bazzert also goes after the lobster and turns into a slightly larger version of said lobster and starts fighting Krorg. Krorg accidentally hits the original golden lobster and he and bazzert are pulled through a portal and transported infront of some sort of ancient shadow creature it is unammused and banishes them from its sight. Krorg and Bazzert wake up in an underwater cave and hear the following "So, you have arrived." 


Who is this voice?

What was the creature in the portal?

Why lobsters?

Where did Spoops, Seiriphi, and Otto Herzog went?

All of this answered next time on

LOW BAR BRAWLERS!

[Image of Season 1 Poster]