Session 11/12 Cults
March 26 2020

We come back to our heroes with Bazzert and Krorg in an underwater cave with Bazzert's master Ayod. He has come to tell his estranged student Bazeert that some stars are disappearing from the sky and he doesn't know why. Then Ayod helps train Bazzert to read the weird book.

Krorg resurfaces to see Frederina talking to golden lobster upon closer inspection see is entranced by it and doesn't notice Krorg. Os Vrntica and Krorg try to lift the lobster almost like a competition but they both fail completely to lift said golden lobster. After all that and having their horses be inconveniently dead, Bomb and Bazzert (transformed into a bear) pull the carriage to Demsford.

Four days prior we get back to Spoops in Allford strolling out of a bar an he hears the voice of the lord, his God. Spoops god says "Get your shit together and ride north". Sppops then robs a man passing by of his horse and leaves him on the street and rides north out of Allford. He rides for 4 days and gets to Demsford first and then immediately goes to the bar and drink.

The rest of the team shows up and on their way into the village they are greeted with desiccated corpses strung up on crosses, these were some of the villagers. The team then immediately sees an orphan boy and talk to him his name is Teddy  his parents were killed by the cult. Our heroes then go to the bar Spoops rejoins the group and they rally the villagers to kick the cult out of town. At the head of this mob every cultist our heroes find is cut down except for one as he will be used to lead the team to the cultist fortress.

After a couple hours trekking through the woods the come just outside the fortress and the team runs into a patrol and one of the patrol cultists run up into sight of the other cultists and then is turned into a pile of goo by Bazzert's acid arrow. Bazzert would repeat this trick on their guide cultist as ya know no loose ends and all that stuff. Now however loose ends ware not the focus as there is an entire fortress of cultists to fight. 

Krorg and bomb mount the battlements and start slaughtering the cultists, Os and Spoops charge the front gate while on horseback taking out a couple but sustaining major damage. Bazzert and Drakham doing a couple things like arguing and turning into gas but besides that not a whole lot. The battle quickly turns however as every cultist comes over to fight the would be defilers (the team), Krorg and Bob get pinned down by a crossbow and magic barrage and the rest of the team is following...
THE DRAKHAM PLAN
So the plan is to retreat and wait until the cultists aren't alert and then break in by making holes in their wall and kill them all group by group instead of a frontal assault against all of them at once.

Little does Drakham know the cult fortress already has holes in its walls and Krorg and Bomb would eventually die if left alone to fight all the cultists by themselves. So the instead follow...
THE SECOND DRAKHAM PLAN
So this plan is to ride around the side of the fortress and flank the cultists on horseback like a mini cavalry charge and saving Krorg and Bomb.

This plan while a bit better also failed as one of the cultist ran to get his boss. During the time before the cultist boss shows up Bazzert is attack by the fortress firing squad and gets struck by crossbow bolts and fire bolts and falls unconscious in a burning tree, good thing Frederina stopped the flames from burning Bazzert alive and pulling him from the tree. But then...
VEERIAN RATHWING ARRIVES

(Dark souls boss fight music intensifies)

[Token image of Rathwing]


Bazzert now however is pulling a lot of weight and starts obliterating the cultists with lightning and moonbeams thinning out the firing squad targeting Krorg and Bomb. But Krorg and Bomb have bigger issues now as Veerian animates 5 gold coins from his pocket and sends them to attack Bomb. The coins brutalize Bomb and Bomb falls unconscious after a tiring fight being pin-cushioned by cultist crossbows, burned by firebolts and now he succumbs to the coins. Everyone now focuses on Rathwing as the cultists are all dead but for two and those to decide to run than die. In the ensuing battle Krorg throws his trident into the side of Rathwing and then pulls Rathwing from the air down over the fortress walls. The rest of the team closes in for the kill but Rathwing goes invisible and attacks the team from the shadows. A fireball strikes Spoops and Drakham causing Drakham to fall but Spoops gives chase toward the direction of the attack. Rathwing fails to blind Spoops and he casts detect good and evil now seeing Rathwing's evil aura.

But then...
Bomb the Bear Dies

[Image of tombstone reading RIP Bomb with token image of Bomb]

This happens unbeknownst to Krorg and so he breaks two of the five animated gold coins on his way to Drakham who is dying on the ground. Spoops continues to battle an invisible Rathwing and Bazzert attacks Rathwing with his Moonbeam but also Scorching Spoops with the holy moonfire causing spoops to fall unconcious. Krorg helps Drakham and Drakham pulls out some wild magic and absorbs the life force of the animated coins and some of Krorgs and rises from near death like a phoenix. Quickly after this though Rathwing disengages from the fight and says "You are all vermin who aren't worth my time and these peasants are useless, I've already got what I wanted. Au revoir" Rathwing disappears and moments later Krorg sees him flying away westward over the hills and trees.

Krorg now goes back to Bomb and discovers that bomb is dead he and Drakham are greatly saddened by this loss and move him to the rierside to bury him. Meanwhile Bazzert decides to try and decipher his book and is able to just read the first line in the the book...
HOW TO KILL GODS
What the fuck is this book?
Is Bomb really dead?
Where did Rathwing run off to hide?
Why are stars disappearing from the night sky?
SOME OF THESE QUESTIONS ANSWERED NEXT TIME IN...
LOW BAR BRAWLERS

[Image of Season 1 Poster]