Session 13 Grief and shopping
March 29 2020

We return after the fight with the cultists and Bomb the bear is dead. Drakham and Spoops are arguing over what to do with Bomb as Krorg sleeps. They enter into a mexican standoff, Drakham clutching his last grande and Spoops with rope threatening to take Bomb's corpse. Eventually Krorg wakes up and decicdes to bury Bomb Spoops goes along as he was charmed by Drakham. Drakham used a patch from his cloak to excavate a 10 by 10 by 10ft hole to bury bomb and after some kind words the group bury bomb with the cultists. But there were too many cultists for the hole and so you guys burned the corpses and then finished the burial. After the funeral you return back to the mission at hand to search for artifacts and weapons belonging to the old Liches of the necrotic wars. Along they way you Bazzert finds a coo, looking gem and gathers a bunch of random ingredients that aren't that suspicious for a druid to gather but did so in a suspicious manner and has up to this point the morning after the session hasn't yet told me the DM what he plans to do with it so I'll keep my eye on him.

Our heroes however find excavated areas in the fortress and with that a chest contaminated with a green glowing liquid, all the vials are broken except one half filled vial. Drakham and Spoops then conduct some "experiments" on the liquid combining it with holy water, spit, seeing if it flammable, and taking contaminated dirt and dumping it into a freshly made grave. the green liquid sizzles away from the holy water, just combines with spit, is very flammable, and we''ll get back to the grave "experiment" later.

The team search a tower on the east side of the ruined fortress and find a pentagram symbol and a flayed body stabbed with a demonic dagger. Spoops decides to be cautious and throw a dagger into the body in the pentagram. Then Krorg takes the arcane focuses he got from the cultist wizards and places them at the points in the pentagram star, this causes the body to float and start screaming. the team tries to disguise themselves as cultists, no effect, try to break the ritual, not effective, Bazzert uses the cursed horn and the screaming corpse starts play demonic music. After a while the team pulls out the daggers from the corpses chest and it speaks to them. He is the protector of the poisons in the fortress and tells the team what he can. Then after trying to free his soul or at least learn how the team just break the pentagram ritual and start to leave the fortress. As the cross the bridge over the river they are attacked by a giant bone spider coming from their freshly dug grave. In the battle Drakham and Krorg nearly die but Bazzert and Spoops defeat the abomination. Then they depart to return to Demsford.

The team returns to Demsford at night and find it abandoned with no signs of people or life Then the team remembers Teddy and starts to look for him, but alas can't find anyone in the town, so they head up to the cultist temple on the hill and find alot of corpses strung up on crosses and half mutated with disgusting bone appendages sticking out of them and twitching but no sign of Teddy. Everyone heads back to the inn and starts to pack up and leave as Spoops contaceted his God Ryan and said its time to leave. As the rest of the team prep the horse and carriage Krorg goes back up to the temple and take one last look for Teddy and find the Temple barred from the inside and decides to just leave. Our hereos leave Demsford and head back to Allford.

Back in Allford they go to see Illiard and then get informed by his secretary that Illiard is meeting with the king, so they steal a document with an Illiard seal on it and bluff their way into the castle. Our heroes are seated in a minor dinning room in the castle and wait for Illiard to show up. During the 5 hours that they wait Krorg and Spoops find a small girl playing under the stairs and play with her while they wait for Illiard. Illaird shows up and to keep this short the team doesn't trust Illiard try to discern his intentions, Spoops casts Zone of Truth and get him to say he just wants the Old Lich weapons/poisons so he can research them and be able to protect himself and Allford in case they are attacked by such things in the future. The team has a green liquid vial but don't tell Illiard about it. 

Then everyone goes shopping until 1am and I start to breakdown a little as my mental faculties are assaulted by ineptitude, ignorance, and constant and unceasing haggling attempts. Krorg got a bad ass cape, Spoops got plate armor, Drakham spent a lot of money agreed to an unscrupulous deal for a discount on armor, and Bazzert... Bazzert keeps treating every cool little nick-nack he finds like crafting items in Minecraft to try and make a bunch of magic staffs even though he already has one and just doesn't use it/doesn't make an attempt to use it.

Oh yeah I forgot to mention the Illiard job with Beholder in the king's vault, don't worry we'll be going over that in class on Wednesday so until next time you fucking Low Bar Brawlers.